README.md, before:

# CAL 2020

## Setting up the environment

1. Apply for a JetBrains Educational Pack using the link: https://www.jetbrains.com/shop/eform/students and using you upXXXXXXXXX@fe.up.pt, so that JetBrains identifies you as a real student.
2. Install CLion. Somewhere during the installation, you should be prompted to active you JetBrains account. Please insert the credentials you obtained in the previous step ("Get Licence From:" => "JB account")
3. Install a JDK (it is likely that you already have one)
4. If you are using Windows, you might need to setup an environment. You can find documentation on how to do it here: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/quick-tutorial-on-configuring-clion-on-windows.html
5. For more details or other issues, please use https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/clion-quick-start-guide.html

## Running the example

1. Clone / Download this respository
2. Open CLion > Open > Choose the example dir in the repository
3. Run the project. You will see three different graphs being loaded

Commit message:

Update README.md with graph examples

README.md, after:

# CAL 2020

## Setting up the environment

1. Apply for a JetBrains Educational Pack using the link: https://www.jetbrains.com/shop/eform/students and using you upXXXXXXXXX@fe.up.pt, so that JetBrains identifies you as a real student.
2. Install CLion. Somewhere during the installation, you should be prompted to active you JetBrains account. Please insert the credentials you obtained in the previous step ("Get Licence From:" => "JB account")
3. Install a JDK (it is likely that you already have one)
4. If you are using Windows, you might need to setup an environment. You can find documentation on how to do it here: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/quick-tutorial-on-configuring-clion-on-windows.html
5. For more details or other issues, please use https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/clion-quick-start-guide.html

## Running the example

1. Clone / Download this respository
2. Open CLion > Open > Choose the example dir in the repository
3. Run the project. You will the following three different graphs being loaded, in different windows

![Random graph](./example/resources/graphs/random/preview.png)
![Random graph](./example/resources/graphs/star/preview.png)
![Random graph](./example/resources/graphs/rainbow/preview.png)
